So the next step for us is we have our focus subject here as part of our focus component, right?
This is telling us, Hey, this is what I specifically want to focus on.
Now that's just for this part of the screen.
But our app doesn't know anything about, you know, what we're keeping track of or if we actually have
a current subject.
OK, so before we go too far, basically over here, we know when we change text because we've set the
subject right, we're setting the subject as we type.
But we need something to trigger us to kind of instantiate a timer of sorts, right?
Because what we're trying to do here is kind of create the Pomodoro style timer.
Now, what we've done is we've gone ahead and in the resources of this video, you'll find a link to
a rounded button component that we're providing for you.
Now all you have to do is go over here.
Copy this code, right?
Once you copy it, you'll go back.
You go over to your source folder and you'll create a folder called components.
And in that folder, we're going to create a component called rounded button dot jazz.
And all you need to do here is paste this code.
Now we'll run through it, but all you need to do is paste this code.
And basically what it's doing is we're providing you a nice looking button out of the box so that you
can just go ahead and utilize it.
But let's run through it real quick.
We're using something called touchable opacity from react.
Native and touchable opacity is a react native component that allows you to touch something.
It creates a touchable interaction.
Then we're using a text component to render some type of text, and we're using a style sheet to render
some styles.
And of course, we're using our colors map.
We create a component called the grounded button, and we give you the ability externally to add files
to it.
We also give you the ability externally to add custom text styles to it, and we give it a default size
for you in case you don't want to give it a size.
Right.
So our rounded button by default will be 125 density pixels large.
Then we create a touchable opacity and we give it the size.
We give it the style, and we kind of add the potential for an on press event.
We render some text inside of it, and that's about it.
And over here, you can find some styles.
Now, if we look at this in terms of usage, basically inside of our focus feature, what we want to
do is we want to import our rounded button from dot dot slash components, rounded button.
And that's going to give us the ability to implement our rounded button over here.
And what we want to give to it is, you know, a custom title because we want some text inside of here.
And so let's go ahead and do that, and over here you can see, hey, it's rendered a very, very,
very large, default sized, 125 sized.
Element or button that is clickable.
Right?
It's clickable, touchable opacity, so like you can see when I touch it, the opacity fades.
That's what touchable opacity does.
OK, so I have my around the button.
I want it to be kind of smaller, so I'll give it size 50, right?
And there now it's size 50 still has a good, clickable ratio, but I really don't want it over here
like I want it over here beside the text box.
How do I go about that?
Well, we can take our input container and we can say, Hey, give it flex direction of type row.
This will enable it to render in a row visualization.
OK, well, then let's remove the flex off of it because we don't want the road to take up like the
whole screen, and then we'll say that our text input needs custom styles.
So let's say style is equal to styles, not text input.
And then let's go ahead and create our text input styles, say, you know, flex.
Zero point eight.
Let's give it a flex of 0.8.
And now you can see that's the supplying wonderfully and then we'll say padding to the right.
Should be kind of 10, let's say, 10.
Huh.
That's not really applying now, is it right?
Having right?
Well, what if we say margin, right?
There we go.
Now that's kind of pushing it aside here and then for our button component over here.
Well, it's kind of sticking to the right.
Let's say that we have button.
And let's kind of go through the motions of putting that in the right position, so we say around the
button style is equal to styles dot button.
Right.
And over here, we can see that.
We made a little typo, so let's do that.
And what we can see here is just the Free Content Center.
OK.
What if we do end?
Huh.
So that's applying itself to the inside of the button.
That's not really what we want.
So let's go ahead and wrap a view.
Around our button.
So let's say a few, let's say, styles stop button, and let's wrap that with a view again.
And then let's see what we get.
So if we do this and we justify conference center, we can see now that the button is centered along
the way of this.
Now let's go ahead and give this Flex one and take up as much space as possible.
And what we can see now is that, you know, our focus and put item is nicely positioned now.
Our input container is adding a lot of padding, and that's kind of bleeding out here, making it look
not as nice.
So let's change up to 25.
And there we go.
Now our focus input container looks very nice.
It's within the realm of the screen.
The input is not taking up too much space and the button is right beside it.
And that's about how we want our screen to look now.
Right.
We have our touchable opacity over.
Here are button, but we haven't hooked that up just yet.
And over here we can add our emojis.
I just click some random ones, and that's about it for this one, we've hooked up around the button
in terms of like just on the screen, we've rejigged some stuff around.
And next up is how do we keep track of our focus subjects?
So let's take a look at that.